abstract class
address space (in WGSL)
affine transform
alignment (in WGSL)
alpha blending
alpha color component
ambient color
ambient light
ambient occlusion
anaglyph stereo
animation
anisotropic filtering
antialiasing
API
aspect ratio
async function
attenuation
attribute
attribute variable
axis of rotation
back face
barycentric coordinates
Bezier curve
bind group (in WebGPU)
Blender
Bresenham's line algorithm
BSDF
bumpmapping
camera
clip coordinates
color buffer
color component
color gamut
color mask
color model
column-major order
compute shader
constructor
control point
convex
coordinate system
CPU
cross product
CSS
cubemap texture
deferred shading
depth buffer
depth mask
depth test
device coordinates
diffuse color
diffuse reflection
Direct3D
directed acyclic graph
directional light
displacement mapping
display list
DOM
dot product
double buffering
drawing program
Eclipse
emission color
environment mapping
ES6
Euclidean transform
Euler angles
extrusion
eye coordinates
filling a shape
fixed-function pipeline
flat shading
fragment shader
framebuffer
frame buffer
front face
frustum
geometric modeling
geometric primitive
geometric transform
glMatrix
global ambient intensity
global illumination
GLSL
GLTF
GLU
GLUT
GPU
gradient
grayscale
GUI
HDR image
height map
hidden surface problem
hierarchical modeling
homogeneous coordinates
HSL color
HSV color
HTML
HTML canvas
identity matrix
identity transform
image texture
index buffer
indexed color
indexed drawing
indexed face set
instanced drawing
intensity of a light source
interpolation
invariant qualifier
inverse transform
IOR
JavaScript
JOGL
JSON
keyframe animation
Lambert shading
lathing
length of a vector
lighting
lighting equation
linear algebra
linear gradient
linear transformation
lossless data compression
lossy data compression
luminance
magnification filter
material
matrix
matrix mode
Metal
minification filter
mipmap
modeling transformation
modelview transformation
multi-pass algorithm
multisampling
NDC
nio buffer
normalized vector
normal vector
norm of a vector
object coordinates
off-screen canvas
OpenGL
orthographic projection
painter's algorithm
painting program
path tracing
pattern fill
PBR
Perlin noise
per-pixel lighting
perspective projection
per-vertex lighting
Phong shading
pipeline
pixel
point light
polygon
polygonal mesh
polygon offset
polyhedron
power-of-two texture
precision qualifier
procedural texture
programmable pipeline
projection
projection transformation
promise (in JavaScript)
quad
quaternion
radial gradient
raster graphics
rasterization
ray casting
ray tracing
real-time graphics
reflection mapping
reflectivity
refraction
regular polygon
regular polyhedron
renderbuffer
rendering
render-to-texture
RGBA color
RGB color
right-handed coordinate system
right-hand rule
rotation
sampler variable
sampling
scalar product
scaling
scene description language
scene graph
shader
shadow mapping
shadow ray
shear transform
shininess
single buffering
skybox
smooth shading
specular color
specular exponent
specular highlight
specular reflection
spotlight
stack
storage buffer
storage qualifier
stroking a shape
subsurface scattering
SVG
swizzler
texel
texture
texture coordinates
texture object
texture repeat mode
texture target
texture transformation
texture unit
three.js
TMU
torus
translation
two-sided lighting
typed array
uniform scaling
uniform variable
unit normal
unit vector
unsigned byte
URL
VAO
varying variable
VBO
vector
vector graphics
vertex
vertex array
vertex buffer
vertex shader
viewing
viewing transformation
viewport
viewport transformation
view volume
view window
Vulkan
WebGL
WebGL extension
WebGPU
WGSL
winding number
wireframe
world coordinates
XML
